Mark had also requested an output catalog line-matched to the input catalog, and I'm planning on enabling it before distributing pygfit.

For Figure 3 you had requested fractional mag errors for the failures, although you also gave another suggestion.  I'm afraid the former isn't possible.  For the latter two examples, the nature of the failure makes it impossible to accurately estimate what the real magnitude is, and therefore what the fractional mag error is.

You had requested dumping known bad fits into a "bad fits" catalog.  Definitely do-able.  As a slightly different approach I might suggest flagging them in the output catalog, but either method would be fine.

For Figure 4 you asked why we did better than poisson for faint mags.  There is a two-fold answer.  Mainly, it is a selection effect and is not real.  Basically, at the place where the errors start to level off, we are past the depth of the data and the only galaxies which are being detected are ones that happen to be on top of large noise spikes.  If you look at the top row of panels you will notice that there is a strong tail towards the top right of the plot for the R and J band.  This means that the error of the fitted magnitudes continues to increase but the only galaxies recovered are the ones that are brighter than their input magnitude.  As a result, the scatter appears to go down because the lower half of the distribution is missing.

On a more general note, there is not an obviously correct aperture size to compare to.  As I note in the paper, this is a model fit and not an aperture magnitude, but my sky noise estimate is calculated for a 4" aperture magnitude.  I initially used a 4" aperture magnitude to estimate the impact of sky noise because we have commonly worked with it in the past, and I continued to use it because it provides a good match to the observed errors.  However, that does not necessarily mean that this is the "correct" estimate of the impact of sky noise for our model fits.  In fact, I'm not quite sure how to properly estimate the impact of sky noise for our model fits.  Because the sky noise for a 4" aperture magnitude gives such a good estimate for the errors, I presume that pygfit's results are sky-noise limited.  However, it is not obvious to me why a 4" aperture happens to give the correct level of sky noise.  That's just how it happened to work out, and there is no reason a-priori to expect that pygfit's errors would match predictions for sky noise in a 4" aperture.